docs/README.md, before:

📢 Use this project, [contribute](https://github.com/vtex-apps/iframe) to it or open issues to help evolve it using [Store Discussion](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-discussion).

# Iframe

<!-- DOCS-IGNORE:start -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-0-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->
<!-- DOCS-IGNORE:end -->

An app that makes it possible to render external iframes on a store.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18701182/67055752-abcb0500-f11f-11e9-8c24-50234214d474.png)

## Configuration - standard Iframe

1. Add the `vtex.iframe` to the theme's dependencies on the `manifest.json`
```json
"dependencies": {
 "vtex.iframe": "0.x"
}
```
 
 2. Add the interface `iframe` to any **custom page** (Iframes are not allowed outside custom pages).
 
```json
{
  "store.custom#about-us": {
    "blocks": [
      "flex-layout.row#about-us",
      "iframe"
    ]
  },

  "iframe": {
    "props": {
      "src": ""
    }
  }
}
```

| Prop name | Type | Description | Default value |
|--------------|--------|--------------| --------|
| `src` | String | Source address the iframe should render | `null`
| `width` | Number | Width attribute of the iframe | `null`
| `height` | Number | Height attribute of the iframe | `null`
| `allow` | String | allow attribute of the iframe | `null`

## Configuration - dynamic Iframe

1. Add the `vtex.iframe` to the theme's dependencies on the `manifest.json`

```json
"dependencies": {
  "vtex.iframe": "0.x"
}
```

2. Add the dynamicIframe block and its properties to the blocks.json file

```json
{
  "store.custom#locationPage":{
    "children":[
      "iframe.dynamic-src"
    ]
  },
  "iframe.dynamic-src":{
    "props": {
      "dynamicSrc": "https://www.test.com/exampleStaticPathName/{dynamicParam1}/{dynamicParam2}/exampleStaticPageName",
      "width": "1920",
      "height": "1000",
      "title": "exampleStaticPageName iframe wrapper for {account}",
      "allow": "geolocation"
    }
  }
}
```
3. register your new page in routes.json with appropriate parameters passed into the page url

```json
{
  "store.custom#locationPage":{
    "path": "/:param1/:param2/pagename"
  }
}
```

| Prop name | Type | Description | Default value |
|--------------|--------|--------------| --------|
| `dynamicSrc` | String | iframe src with dynamic parameters from page URL enclosed in '{}' | `null`
| `width` | Number | Width attribute of the iframe | `null`
| `height` | Number | Height attribute of the iframe | `null`
| `title` | String | title attribute of the iframe | `null`
| `allow` | String | allow attribute of the iframe | `null`

## Customization

There is a `.container` handle that wraps the iframe, it's also possible to use `blockClass`.

<!-- DOCS-IGNORE:start -->
## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
<!-- DOCS-IGNORE:end -->

Commit message:

feat: add block class to iframe

docs/README.md, after:

📢 Use this project, [contribute](https://github.com/vtex-apps/iframe) to it or open issues to help evolve it using [Store Discussion](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-discussion).

# Iframe

<!-- DOCS-IGNORE:start -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-0-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->
<!-- DOCS-IGNORE:end -->

An app that makes it possible to render external iframes on a store.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18701182/67055752-abcb0500-f11f-11e9-8c24-50234214d474.png)

## Configuration - standard Iframe

1. Add the `vtex.iframe` to the theme's dependencies on the `manifest.json`
```json
"dependencies": {
 "vtex.iframe": "0.x"
}
```
 
 2. Add the interface `iframe` to any **custom page** (Iframes are not allowed outside custom pages).
 
```json
{
  "store.custom#about-us": {
    "blocks": [
      "flex-layout.row#about-us",
      "iframe"
    ]
  },

  "iframe": {
    "props": {
      "src": ""
    }
  }
}
```

| Prop name | Type | Description | Default value |
|--------------|--------|--------------| --------|
| `src` | String | Source address the iframe should render | `null`
| `width` | Number | Width attribute of the iframe | `null`
| `height` | Number | Height attribute of the iframe | `null`
| `allow` | String | allow attribute of the iframe | `null`

## Configuration - dynamic Iframe

1. Add the `vtex.iframe` to the theme's dependencies on the `manifest.json`

```json
"dependencies": {
  "vtex.iframe": "0.x"
}
```

2. Add the dynamicIframe block and its properties to the blocks.json file

```json
{
  "store.custom#locationPage":{
    "children":[
      "iframe.dynamic-src"
    ]
  },
  "iframe.dynamic-src":{
    "props": {
      "dynamicSrc": "https://www.test.com/exampleStaticPathName/{dynamicParam1}/{dynamicParam2}/exampleStaticPageName",
      "width": "1920",
      "height": "1000",
      "title": "exampleStaticPageName iframe wrapper for {account}",
      "allow": "geolocation"
    }
  }
}
```
3. register your new page in routes.json with appropriate parameters passed into the page url

```json
{
  "store.custom#locationPage":{
    "path": "/:param1/:param2/pagename"
  }
}
```

| Prop name | Type | Description | Default value |
|--------------|--------|--------------| --------|
| `dynamicSrc` | String | iframe src with dynamic parameters from page URL enclosed in '{}' | `null`
| `width` | Number | Width attribute of the iframe | `null`
| `height` | Number | Height attribute of the iframe | `null`
| `title` | String | title attribute of the iframe | `null`
| `allow` | String | allow attribute of the iframe | `null`

## Customization


In order to apply CSS customizations in this and other blocks, follow the instructions given in the recipe on [Using CSS Handles for store customization](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/style/using-css-handles-for-store-customization).

| CSS Handles                | 
| -------------------------- |
| `container`                |
| `iframe`                   |

<!-- DOCS-IGNORE:start -->
## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
<!-- DOCS-IGNORE:end -->
